bro i want to create a website for my church. for maintaining the sunday school or entvor attanance. https://b8321c07-b185-4715-a7f1-73df5f5ef7e5-00-oalms9o90a68.picard.replit.dev/ see this. it is my app. i created for gst billing and stock and customer maintains. i want in that same method. here we have class like begnner,promary ,,,, so on. and its sub divitions to. customer  to members.  in it while adding a member default it should be in student. and also with a teacher option. teacher can be selected manually. because it will be some only. keep genter, date of birth.and down to it how we add a  product has a quntaiy that  like  stuff right, same like that  here the class which  we created should be. eg primary a.  in the setings who ithis web has the creating a shop that all have... same in  this app we need it  to be modified as the church. the nesseary data.  same how it in the gst app. while creating  that the church ask a pasword to generat. that help the user to loging with different church accounds. or the main sunday school or endover  like that accound. so let the church name also has a heading.  down to it the  all other stuffs. and the main home page. in that the church  mname will be showing. fitst while login create accound. all  data save localy. with auto save. keep the delete, edit options for all. in the seting all the  main edit can be done, with log out buttonn.....  as it willl be down. and keep aabout near the logout. say about my profile.

now the mmain is the  attanance. it will be in the home page. select the class which we want it will show the members. and the top date month year to date month year. as defauld bothh has tthe currend date.. search with date. for seing report, it should have alll 365  days according to the date. default it open with the current date. 

mostle we use sunday only this. because it will occure on sunday only. so  we may enter the attnance only on the sundays....

name.        <date>(12.12.2030) that will showing. and their we put the attnance. keep them as a button.    then offering. 

this will be done for seprate for all class. the offering. each person we give the attanaance wna offering amount. that will save locaaly.  in one class if 5 student and 2 teacher are their. then while we select the this port will opened.  this person  in that class will showing. so we enter the present or absent, then the offering also to it. and all this should be saves in a excel. automaticaly. every time it modifi the same one. on abobe the attnance the date should be showing. this excel only keep the attnance. then another will keep the offering with this same patton. 

very main it the manage of this. where we should able to see all person name, next their class, then student or teacher. then their attnance percentage, then their ofering percentage. that meens the the total ammount they gave and the total days.     keep the day to day on top. so we can calculate the data between the days. same for seeing the seeing the ammount from it...... en every place the edit and the delete option. keep a downlode option to downlode the data. it will delete as per the date selected.    if fron 12.10.2025 to 2.1.2026. the it will downlode it. all different foe the attnance and offering